
# Таблица доступных модулей DKP CSE 1.67.0

```table
NAME                                  WEIGHT   SOURCE     PHASE        ENABLED   READY
admission-policy-engine               15       Embedded   Ready        True      True
cert-manager                          101      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
chrony                                470      Embedded   Ready        True      True
cilium-hubble                         500      Embedded   Ready        True      True
cni-cilium                            21       Embedded   Ready        True      True
console                               999      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
control-plane-manager                 40       Embedded   Ready        True      True
csi-ceph                              999      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
csi-nfs                               999      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
deckhouse                             2        Embedded   Ready        True      True
deckhouse-tools                       800      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
descheduler                           400      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
documentation                         810      Embedded   Ready        True      True
extended-monitoring                   340      Embedded   Ready        True      True
flow-schema                           11       Embedded   Ready        True      True
gost-integrity-controller             900      Embedded   Ready        True      True
ingress-nginx                         402      Embedded   Ready        True      True
istio                                 110      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
kube-dns                              42       Embedded   Ready        True      True
kube-proxy                            36       Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
local-path-provisioner                31       Embedded   Ready        True      True
log-shipper                           460      Embedded   Ready        True      True
loki                                  462      Embedded   Ready        True      True
metallb                               380      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
monitoring-custom                     340      Embedded   Ready        True      True
monitoring-deckhouse                  340      Embedded   Ready        True      True
monitoring-kubernetes                 340      Embedded   Ready        True      True
monitoring-kubernetes-control-plane   340      Embedded   Ready        True      True
monitoring-ping                       340      Embedded   Ready        True      True
multitenancy-manager                  160      Embedded   Ready        True      True
namespace-configurator                600      Embedded   Ready        True      True
node-local-dns                        350      Embedded   Ready        True      True
node-manager                          40       Embedded   Ready        True      True
operator-prometheus                   200      Embedded   Ready        True      True
operator-trivy                        500      Embedded   Ready        True      True
priority-class                        1        Embedded   Ready        True      True
prometheus                            300      Embedded   Ready        True      True
prometheus-metrics-adapter            301      Embedded   Ready        True      True
registry-packages-proxy               39       Embedded   Ready        True      True
runtime-audit-engine                  650      Embedded   Ready        True      True
sds-local-volume                      999      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
sds-node-configurator                 999      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
secret-copier                         600      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
secrets-store-integration             999      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
snapshot-controller                   37       Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
stronghold                            999      Embedded   Downloaded   False     False
user-authn                            150      Embedded   Ready        True      True
user-authz                            140      Embedded   Ready        True      True
vertical-pod-autoscaler               302      Embedded   Ready        True      True
```
